Okay.
So now we have a new store property.
We have a mutation to right to it.
We have a new getter that's going to allow us to filter an individual job.
We have our new component talking to The View Store.
The only thing that's left to do to complete this feature is to update our filter jobs getter so that
it filters now by the skill, which again is coming from the user input.
So on the left I've opened up my getters test file and on the right hand side I have my getters that
test, that's file.
And luckily we already have a test for filter jobs.
And so all we need to do is update this logic right here.
So now filter jobs is going to filter jobs by organization, job type degree and skills.
And as a reminder, we don't really need to add a test for include job by skill because we already have
that test captured right here.
So the only responsibility of the filter jobs getter is to aggregate all the other individual getters
to determine the final array of jobs.
So right here following the protocol, I'm going to create a new concept called include job by skill.
That is going to be a just mock function that simply returns the value.
True.
So we can pretend that every single job is going to fit all of these criteria.
I'm going to add it to my object of mock getters right here include job by skill.
That's right.
Here we are creating a job.
We are creating a new store state where there is only one job.
And then we are calling our filter jobs getter passing in the state as well as our marketers, which
are just four mock functions that always return.
True.
So if all of them return true, the latter should simply return the one job that is in the jobs rate
because it has passed all of our tests.
And what we also want to validate is that that process will invoke this getter at least once.
So right here, I'm going to expect that include job by skill should have been called so to have been
called with and I want to verify that it has been invoked and been passed the individual job that is
being iterated over from our state.
So of course that is going to fail because we are not implementing that getter in our implementation.
So you can guess what we're going to do now.
We're going to add that getter right here.
Before we do that, don't remember that we are providing a type here of include job getters, which
is this interface up above.
What I'm going to do here is add that new potential getter so that we avoid a typescript violation below.
So now this mock getters object or the real getters object in the implementation is going to have a
possibility of having an include job by skill method that will accept a job of type job and that will
return a boolean.
So now I'm able to use this method because it is available on this type right here.
So right here, I'm going to filter once again.
I mean, I've applied basically four filter operations in a row on the consecutive arrays that I get.
And this filter operation is going to begin by having a job in what do I want to do with that individual
job for each job remaining in this filtered array?
I want to take my getters and on there I'm going to have an include job by skill getter and I want to
pass in my individual job.
So we're going to start with an array of jobs.
We're going to first filter them by organization.
So we're going to run this as many times as we need to.
So in our real world scenario, we have 100 jobs.
So we're going to run this 100 times.
That's going to result in an array that is smaller than we're going to run this getter on all those
remaining jobs.
Then we're going to get a brand new array.
We're going to filter them by degree, get back a brand new array and filter that final array by skill.
And then that final array that is the result of all of those filter operations is what we return out
of the filter jobs getter.
I'm going to save that and double check that everything has passed.
It looks like this does affect quite a few tests in our code base, which is to be expected.
So everything is passing.
And with that, I think we have a complete feature.
So let's navigate to Chrome and double check that the feature is working.
As always, I'm going to refresh the page.
Just to be safe.
And I'm going to first begin by simply searching for a search term by itself.
So right here I can search for a term like Java Press enter.
And lo and behold, it looks like it is working.
Java Coder.
Java Engineer.
JavaScript Ninja.
JavaScript Manager.
You can see Java is everywhere in the title.
And then if I want to filter further down, for example, I want to filter the jobs to only be YouTube
and view and me.
You can see these jobs are changing.
I can look for different job types like full time.
Looks like there are no results, but maybe part time that.
There we go.
Temporary.
You can see the changes.
And finally degrees.
I can filter for bachelors and you can see our results are indeed expanding as I click and select these
things.
So our search term is working alongside our degrees, our job types and our organizations.
So now we have implemented filtering by both checkboxes as well as a search term.
And again, if we provide something like Java with spaces around it, not a problem.
It's going to automatically adjust it.
So here we go, Java space based space enter.
You can see it immediately removes the white space and still filters for the jobs.
You can also notice that case sensitivity is working as well here.
I entered Java in a lower case, but it is matching these jobs because we took care of that responsibility
in our getter.
So lots of good, helpful user features that we have implemented it using those various view input modifiers.
All right.
So there is our feature.
Congratulations and I will see you in the next lesson.